README.md, before:

# Quectel RM5XX ADBKEY Unlock script

This is a modification of Ryan Bradley's script to support RM5XX Series modems. It works for the RM520N-GL, RM502Q-AE, RM500Q-AE, EM120K-GL, and others.
For more information, see [Getting ADB Access](https://github.com/natecarlson/quectel-rgmii-configuration-notes#getting-adb-access).

### How To Use

To use this script, you must have the following:

* `Python >= 3`
* `The result of AT+QADBKEY? for your module.`


Once you have obtained the prerequisites, run the script with the following command:

```sh
$ sudo python3 qadbkey-unlock2.py -k <key>
```

Example:

```sh
user@linux-mint:~/qadbkey-unlock$ sudo python3 qadbkey-unlock2.py -k 37677100
AT+QADBKEY="hD0vaLg4a26u.SM"

```

### Original Contributors

* [hornetfighter515](https://github.com/hornetfighter515) — Basic script structure and debugging.
* [Ryan Bradley](https://github.com/rbradley0) – Tweaking and debugging.
* [igem](https://xnux.eu/devices/feature/qadbkey-unlock.c) – Original source code.

Commit message:

Edit script and README
Removed the sudo requirement; changed to query the user to input the AT+QADBKEY? response from the modem.

Updated README.md to add an online executable version of this script. Updated examples and acknowledgements to reflect the changes to the script.

README.md, after:

# Quectel RM5XX ADBKEY Unlock script

This is a modification of Ryan Bradley's script to support RM5XX Series modems. It works for the RM520N-GL, RM502Q-AE, RM500Q-AE, EM120K-GL, and others.
For more information, see [Getting ADB Access](https://github.com/natecarlson/quectel-rgmii-configuration-notes#getting-adb-access).
This will allow you to replace the Quectel Forums step of the guide with an easier and faster method.

Modified by [carp4](https://github.com/carp4) to allow AT+QADBKEY? to be entered directly and result displayed for RM5XX series modems.

Modified by [iamromulan](https://github.com/iamromulan) to remove the sudo reqirement and query the user to input the AT+QADBKEY? response from the modem.

### How To Use
* To use this script, simply go to the following URL:
https://onecompiler.com/python/3znepjcsq

* Then replace the 12345678 with your responce from AT+QADBKEY? and click run
Your adb unlock key command will be generated under output


Alternatively, download and run the script from an environment that supports python3 and crypt with the following command:

```sh
$ python3 qadbkey-unlock2.py
```

Example:

```sh
user@linuxcomputer:~$ python3 qadbkey-unlock2.py
Enter the AT+QADBKEY? response: 12345678
AT+QADBKEY="0jXKXQwSwMxYoeg"

```

### Original Contributors

* [hornetfighter515](https://github.com/hornetfighter515) — Basic script structure and debugging.
* [Ryan Bradley](https://github.com/rbradley0) – Tweaking and debugging.
* [igem](https://xnux.eu/devices/feature/qadbkey-unlock.c) – Original source code.
